Adding note about mixed-version clusters (#271)
rancher/harvester-product-docs: versions/v1.9/modules/en/pages/upgrades/troubleshooting.adoc

* Check xref:./upgrades.adoc#_upgrade_support_matrix[version-specific upgrade notes]. You can click the version in the support matrix table to see if there are any known issues.
* Dive into the upgrade https://github.com/harvester/harvester/blob/master/enhancements/20220413-zero-downtime-upgrade.md[design proposal]. The following section briefly describes phases within an upgrade and possible diagnostic methods.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Operating a SUSE Virtualization cluster with mixed node versions is a transient state intended to last for hours or days, not months. Leaving a cluster in a split-version state for months introduces several severe risks. While an upgrade is paused or active, infrastructure changes should be frozen, and we recommend the primary focus should be troubleshooting and resolving the issues preventing the VM migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operating a {harvester-product-name} cluster with mixed node versions is a transient state intended to last for hours or days, not months. Leaving a cluster in a mixed-version state for longer periods introduces significant risks:

* *API compatibility*: The underlying Kubernetes (RKE2) and KubeVirt versions on the upgraded nodes may utilize APIs, schemas, or features that are incompatible with nodes running earlier versions.
* *Live migration*: Migrating a running virtual machine between nodes with mismatched versions can fail because of differing hypervisor or QEMU capabilities.
* *Cluster health*: The cluster will likely operate in a degraded state, block standard administrative actions, and surface persistent warnings until the upgrade lifecycle is fully completed.
* *{longhorn-product-name} data integrity*: Because {longhorn-product-name} manages the replicated block storage, version mismatches can introduce critical data replication issues and synchronization bugs.

While an upgrade is paused or active, freeze all infrastructure changes and focus primarily on troubleshooting and resolving the issues preventing virtual machine migration.
```

Reviewer: I split the paragraph into two and added information from the Jira issue. The risk descriptions can help deter unwanted user behavior.
